now the Spirit of God came upon Azariah
the son of Odette and he went out to
meet ASA hear me ASA and all Judah and
Benjamin
the Lord is with you while you are with
him if you seek him he will be found by
you but if you forsake him he will
forsake you for a long time Israel has
been without the true God without a
teaching priest and without law but when
in their trouble they turned to the Lord
God of Israel and sought him he was
found by them and in those times there
was no peace to the one who went out
north are the one who came in but great
turmoil was on all the inhabitants of
the lands so nation was destroyed by
nation and city by city for God troubled
them with every adversity but you be
strong and do not let your hands be weak
for your work shall be rewarded and when
asa heard these words and the prophecy
of Odette the Prophet he took courage
and removed the abominable idols from
all the land of Judah and Benjamin and
from the cities which he had taken in
the mountains of Ephraim and he restored
the altar of the Lord there was before
the vestibule of the law
then he gathered all Judah and Benjamin
and those who dwelt with them from
Ephraim Manasseh and Simeon for they
came over to him in great numbers from
Israel when they saw that the Lord his
God was with him
so they gathered together at Jerusalem
in the third month in the fifteenth year
of the reign of ASA
and they offer to the Lord at that time
700 bulls and 7,000 sheep from the spoil
they had brought then they entered into
a covenant to seek the Lord God of their
fathers with all their heart and with
all their soul and whoever would not
seek the Lord God of Israel was to be
put to death whether small or great
whether man or woman then they took an
oath before the Lord with a loud voice
with shouting and trumpets and ram's
horns and all Judah rejoiced at the oath
for they had sworn with all their heart
and sought him with all their soul and
he was found by them and the Lord gave
them rest all around also he removed may
occur the mother of ace of the king from
being Queen mother because she had made
an obscene image of a Shearer and ASA
cut down her obscene image then crushed
and burned it by the brook kidron but
the high places were not removed from
Israel nevertheless the heart of ASA was
loyal all his days he also brought into
the house of God the things that his
father had dedicated and that he himself
had dedicated silver and gold and
utensils and there was no war until the
35th year of the reign of ASA